Add Spacelift to join token reference page (#52576)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/join-methods.mdx

- [Run the Teleport Terraform Provider on Terraform Cloud](../admin-guides/infrastructure-as-code/terraform-provider/terraform-cloud.mdx)
</Admonition>

### Spacelift: `spacelift`

This join method is used to authenticate using Spacelift. It is typically used

> by the Teleport Terraform provider on either Spacelift cloud or self-hosted
> Spacelift. It can not be used to join Terraform runs on other platforms and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the Teleport Terraform provider on Spacelift (including self-hosted
deployments). It can not be used to join Terraform runs on other platforms and
```
"Spacelift cloud" should be a proper noun, but since this doesn't seem to be an official Spacelift edition (it looks like cloud is the default and "self-hosted" is a possibility for Enterprise accounts), I've suggested rephrasing.

> dedicated join methods should be used instead.

Reviewer: > It can not be used to join Terraform runs on other platforms and dedicated join methods should be used instead.

I would structure this sentence differently since the conjunction of the descriptive clause and the "should" clause reads a little awkwardly to me. Maybe use ", so" instead of "and", or use two separate sentences.

Author: 8b49c51827
